Deprecate IaaS and TaaS Nvidia experience (#2803)
huggingface/blog: train-dgx-cloud.md

# Easily Train Models with H100 GPUs on NVIDIA DGX Cloud

> > **Note:** This article is deprecated and the service described is no longer available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Update:** This service is deprecated and no longer available as of April 10th, 2025. 
```

> > **Note:** This article is deprecated and the service described is no longer available. For an alternative, you should consider [AutoTrain on Spaces](https://huggingface.co/docs/autotrain/en/quickstart_spaces)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This article is deprecated and the service described is no longer available. 
```
Autotrain is also deprecated lol
